Pokémon Sun and Pokémon Moon are 2016 role-playing video games developed by Game Freak and published by The Pokémon Company and Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS. They are the first installments in the seventh generation of the Pokémon video game series. First announced in February 2016, Sun and Moon were released worldwide on 18 November 2016, commemorating the franchise's 20th anniversary. A pair of enhanced versions, Pokémon Ultra Sun and Pokémon Ultra Moon, were released for the same consoles on 17 November 2017.
The titles began development following completion of Pokémon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire, with increased emphasis on Pokémon interactions, and relationships. They follow a young Pokémon Trainer's journey around the Alola region—based on Hawaii—with the objective of the games being to complete the island challenge and prevent the schemes of Team Skull, and later the Aether Foundation, all while attempting to challenge various Pokémon Trainers of gradually increasing difficulty.

Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun and the largest in the Solar System. It is a gas giant with a mass nearly 2.5 times that of all the other planets in the Solar System combined and slightly less than one-thousandth the mass of the Sun. Its diameter is 11 times that of Earth and a tenth that of the Sun. Jupiter orbits the Sun at a distance of 5.20 AU (778.5 Gm), with an orbital period of 11.86 years. It is the third-brightest natural object in the Earth's night sky, after the Moon and Venus, and has been observed since prehistoric times.

Jaskaran Singh Aujla (born 18 January 1997) is an Indian singer, rapper and songwriter based in Canada who is primarily associated with Punjabi music. He is known for his numerous tracks which have charted on the UK Asian chart published by the Official Charts Company, while seven have charted on the Global YouTube music chart. His debut album Bacthafucup peaked at number 20 on Billboard Canadian Albums chart and 34th on the New Zealand albums chart, earning him the title of the Largest Digital Artist 2021 on Spotify and had been listed in their Most Popular Artists in Punjabi Music Industry.
Aujla started as a songwriter for Jassi Gill's "Range", from his album Replay. He worked as a songwriter for various other artists including Deep Jandu and Elly Mangat.

